testimonial 2:
Ruchi transformed our overflowing basement into a functional, organized space. She helped us declutter by removing and donating items we no longer needed, then thoughtfully arranged everything that remained so it’s easy to find and maintain.

We were so impressed with her work that we asked her to tackle our hallway closet, kitchen pantry, and workspace. Somehow, she worked quickly while still creating systems that just make sense—and the entire family noticed the difference right away.

We highly recommend Ruchi for any organizing or decluttering project!

Mark & Marianna A., Homeowner


HOME page:

1) add this logo in pics/logo (should be a dark blue line in between 2 lines)

2) Can you put the stock photos back on the first page (not mine)? This closet one works, and one for a pantry and others? Kind of like what was already there but more of a bright and white schematic?


3) Can you  move all the text on the Home page up to the top? Too much empty space
4) Can you put the "Explore Services" button back on the Home page?

ABOUT Page:

5) Insert space between sections (before "My Approach")
6) Add "better" to this "I can also help reimagine spaces that BETTER fit your lifestyle..."
7) Add "area" after "wine bar"
8) After last sentence add ", and designed specifically for YOU."

PROJECTS Page:

generally, can you make all the pictures the same size and fit in square spaces? Too much empty space in the "Desktop Area" box

9) Add this text to "Hall Closet" - I removed all food, expired medicines and other items that didn't belong in the hall closet and categorized all like items together using the homeowner's own containers.

10) For the "dining table" - The homeowner used their dining table for work and homework and not for eating. I removed and categorized all the items and organized them into a kitchen cabinet for easy access and less clutter.

11) For "Pantry" - By reusing the homeowner's many containers, I threw out expired foods, categorized like items and took out items that don't belong in a food pantry/kitchen.

12) For "office" - I unpacked and organized a homeowner's new office into a highly functional and aesthetically pleasing space. (Also please blur out diplomas)

13) For "Drawers" - I like to use this folding method for adults and kids so you can easily see all the clothes (versus layering).

DONATION PARTNERS

Add to the top:

14) I am committed to recycling and reusing things as much as possible. In that spirit, here are some of the donation partners I use to give my client's unneeded items a new life, a new purpose.
